[README] Pass and update. (#206)
ejgallego/coq-lsp: CONTRIBUTING.md

Thank you very much for willing to contribute to coq-lsp!

`coq-lsp` has two components:

> - a `coq-lsp` server written in OCaml, which is a very standard OCaml
>   dune project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An LSP server for Coq written in OCaml.
```

Author: Thanks

> - a `coq-lsp` VS Code extension written in TypeScript, and setup as a
>   standard npm package using `esbuild` as the bundler. The extension
>   has a main component and some webviews components written using
>   React.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A VS Code extension written in TypeScript.
```

Reviewer: We don't need all this technical detail in the beginning.

Author: Ok, I've done like that; there is still some duplication between CONTRIBUTING and README, I'm unsure where things should go.

## Compilation

> `make` will compile the server (`coq-lsp` binaries) , be sure the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`make` will compile the server (the `coq-lsp` binary), be sure the
```

Reviewer: We should also just get rid of submodules ASAP.
